https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-30036 (#8754)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: gitops/gitops_enable_appset.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[#enable-gitops-appset]
= Enabling the _ApplicationSet_ resource in any namespace

[role="_abstract"]
You can enable the  `ApplicationSet` resources in any namespace on your hub clusters.

*Required access:* Cluster administrator

.Prerequsites

> - Are there any prereqs?

Author: @xiangjingli

Reviewer: Yeah,  here are the prereq list

Prerequsites:

- You need to install the [Red Hat OpenShift GitOps operator](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_gitops/1.20/html/installing_gitops/index) on your ACM hub cluster

- Import one or more managed clusters to the hub cluster.

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[#enable-gitops-appset]
= Enabling the _ApplicationSet_ resource in any namespace

[role="_abstract"]
You can enable the  `ApplicationSet` resources in any namespace on your hub clusters.

*Required access:* Cluster administrator

.Prerequsites

- You need to install the link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_gitops/1.20/html/installing_gitops/index[Red Hat OpenShift GitOps operator] on your hub cluster.

- Import one or more managed clusters to the hub cluster.

> .Procedure

Reviewer 2: I think we have to have a line here to intro the procedure. I have been treating it as such.

. Enable the Argo CD `ApplicationSet` resource in any namespace on the hub cluster, complete the following steps: 

.. From your command-line interface, clone the GitHub repository by running the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
git clone https://github.com/stolostron/multicloud-integrations
----

.. Go to the GitHub repository that you cloned by running the following command: 

+
[source,bash]
----
cd multicloud-integrations/deploy/appset-any-namespace
----

.. Enable the `ApplicationSet` resource in any namespace by running the following command: 

> 

Reviewer 2: Is this a full command? Line 42?

Author: I believe so, @xiangjingli will you help confirm?

Reviewer: yes, it is the full command. the `setup-appset-any-namespace.sh`  is a bash script tool that is available in the multicloud-integration repo.  To get the tool, it needs to clone the repo as mentioned in the above step.

          - OpenShift
----

.. Apply the YAML file sample by running the following command: 

+
[source,bash]
----
oc apply -f placement-example.yaml
----

> .. On the hub cluster, create the `GitOpsCluster` resource and add the `gitopsAddon` specification. Your YAML file might resemble the following sample: 

Reviewer 2: Doesn't it have to resemble this?

Reviewer 2: Can we just say: See the following sample:    ?

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: policy.open-cluster-management.io/v1
kind: Policy
metadata:
  annotations:
    policy.open-cluster-management.io/categories: PR.PT Protective Technology
    policy.open-cluster-management.io/controls: PR.PT-3 Least Functionality
    policy.open-cluster-management.io/standards: NIST-CSF
  name: argo-acm-importer-argocd-policy
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  disabled: false
  policy-templates:
  - objectDefinition:
      apiVersion: policy.open-cluster-management.io/v1
      kind: ConfigurationPolicy
      metadata:
        name: argo-acm-importer-argocd-config-policy
      spec:
        object-templates:
        - complianceType: musthave
          objectDefinition:
            apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1beta1
            kind: ArgoCD
            metadata:
              labels:
                apps.open-cluster-management.io/gitopsaddon: "true"
              name: acm-openshift-gitops
              namespace: openshift-gitops
----

> .. Specify the `ARGOCD_APPLICATION_NAMESPACES` environment variable to `*` in the `acm-openshift-gitops` `ArgoCD` resource for the Argo CD application controller to reconcile applications in any namespace. View the following partial YAML file:

Reviewer 2: Add the ...? 
"Specify" and "to" is a bit odd. It seems we are telling them to simply set a value.

Set the `ARGOCD_APPLICATION_NAMESPACES` environment variable to `*`....

?

Reviewer 2: Where is this? 

in the `acm-openshift-gitops` `ArgoCD` resource for the Argo CD application? 

The set up for these is a bit confusing.

Reviewer 2: Instead of partial YAML file, we can just say "YAML sample" because it is just a sample from the file, but I am not sure where the file is?

+
[source,yaml]
----
            spec:
              controller:
                enabled: true
                env:
                - name: ARGOCD_APPLICATION_NAMESPACES
                  value: '*'
              server:
                enabled: false
        - complianceType: musthave
----

> .. Specify the `sourceNamespaces` to `*` in the default `AppProject` resource for deploying the Argo CD application into any namespace. View the following partial YAML file:

Reviewer 2: This line is confusing to me:

Specify the `sourceNamespaces` to `*` in the default `AppProject` resource for deploying the Argo CD application into any namespace.

I think this can be reworded and a bit more concise. And we should consider a different verb: 

_Set the `sourceNamespaces` value to `*` in the default `AppProject` resource that (or ,which?) deploys the...._

Reviewer 2: using "for deploying" and such can usually become more active.

+
[source,yaml]
----
          objectDefinition:
            apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
            kind: AppProject
            metadata:
              name: default
              namespace: openshift-gitops
            spec:
              clusterResourceWhitelist:
              - group: '*'
                kind: '*'
              destinations:
              - namespace: '*'
                server: '*'
              sourceRepos:
              - '*'
              sourceNamespaces:
              - '*'
        - complianceType: musthave
----

> .. Grant access to the Argo CD application controller for the `cluster-admin` role. View the following partial YAML file:

Reviewer 2: How does the YAML grant the access?

Seem to be

roleRef:
              apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
              kind: ClusterRole
              name: cluster-admin

Here I think we should say, if that is the case, "add the _x, y, z..._"

> .. Grant access to the Argo CD application controller for the `cluster-admin` role. View the following partial YAML file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Grant access to the Argo CD application controller for the `cluster-admin` role. View the following YAML sample:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
          objectDefinition:
            apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
            kind: ClusterRoleBinding
            metadata:
              name: argo-admin
            subjects:
              - kind: ServiceAccount
                name: acm-openshift-gitops-argocd-application-controller
                namespace: openshift-gitops
            roleRef:
              apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
              kind: ClusterRole
              name: cluster-admin
        pruneObjectBehavior: None
        remediationAction: enforce
        severity: medium
  remediationAction: enforce
----

> .. Apply the YAML file sample by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Apply the YAML file by running the following command:
```
